ETHAN: Previously on Rogue...
-(GRUNTING)
-(SCREAMING)
-(CHOKING)
-(PANTING)
I'm sorry to keep
you waiting. I'm Officer Soto.
Was there anybody else
in the house apart from
your wife and daughter?
I never said
I had a daughter.
-(DOOR OPENS)
-Oh, sorry, Cody, I thought...
(SCREAMS)
Shit!
Why is the Ombello Group
targeting federal accountants?
Maybe they uncovered
something about Ombello.
We have a problem.
They taught me how to do this
on the towelheads.
And here I am doing it to
one of our own.
American hero no less.
The whole fucking
restaurant!
They're saying
over 30 people dead.
Who planted the bomb?
Was it you?
No.
Let me tell you something
about these people.
The minute you come to
them with a problem,
you are the problem.
Maybe Nicholas Brady is
not who he says he is.
What did they
do with Phan?
The girls are guinea pigs.
It's a clinical trial!
Ombello runs it.
The government is funding it!
Thanks a lot
Officer, uh, Parvey, huh?
Drive safe.
Who's that?
He's a cop that pulled me over
on the way to Cardello's.
Hi. Nicholas Brady, please.
The road's closed, ma'am.
You're gonna have
to turn around.
-What's going on?
-There's been a mugging.
She's dead, Ethan.
Regan's dead.
They killed her.
(THEME SONG PLAYING)
ANNOUNCER: Bus 1034, bus 1034
to Dillon Beach. Now boarding.
What was the last thing
Regan said to you?
She said she met
a friend of hers,
this US Attorney,
Paul Rainsford.
Hmm.
That they had uncovered
something
and that she needed
to tell me in person.
That's it.
I got to go see him.
I need to find out
what they know.
Hey, Clea,
what if he got her killed?
But Regan already had
the information
when she called.
So why would
he tell her anything
if he was with them?
All right.
I wanna come with you.
To the US Attorney's Office?
Listen I'm the one who got her
in this fucking mess.
Yeah, you are. And you have
to live with that.
And I'm the one who persuaded
her to go after Brady.
So that's on me.
We're gonna nail
these fuckers to the wall.
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
This is the same Assistant DA
that was working on the case
to get the chip
out of that girl's head.
Now why the fuck
was I on her radar at all?
Nicholas, calm down.
Don't fucking tell me
to calm down!
I'll calm down
when I fucking well want to!
Now why don't you do something
a little more useful
and explain to me
how the fuck this happened?
Faulkner was a hiccup.
She's been handled.
Went down as a mugging.
Because I handled it.
Oh. A little blood on the
hands is good for the soul.
Don't ever put me
in that position again.
And what about Ben Olson?
Handled.
-And his house?
-Spotless.
You could invite your mother
to eat off the kitchen floor.
I wouldn't invite my mother
to eat anywhere.
The only thing left is Kelly.
He will be found
resisting arrest
and that will be
the end of it.
No more
keeping me in the dark.
And no more fucking surprises.
No more surprises.
SLEADER: All right,
everybody listen up.
We will be extending
the FBI every cooperation
in the search for Ethan Kelly.
Everything else goes on
the back burner. Understood?
-POLICEWOMAN: Yes, sir.
-(ALL AGREEING)
SLEADER:
Where's Annou?
Uh, family.
Her dad okay?
You'd have to ask her, sir.
Tried.
Not answering her phone.
You tell Annou
if she wants a job past Friday
to get her butt in here.
Road blocks have been set up
around the city.
Ports and airports
are on alert.
Authorities say they believe
Kelly is still
in the Bay Area.
MALE REPORTER:
He is considered
to be armed and dangerous.
Police have warned the public
that if he is sighted...
(POLICE SIRENS BLARING
IN DISTANCE)
We checked
local hospitals, morgues.
Dr. Everett hasn't showed up
at work, nor at home.
Assume he's a loss.
We have to discredit him.
Start a paper trail
of titty bars, casinos,
you know the drill.
On it.
Where are we
on Detective Annou's vehicle?
We found that, yet?
-We're working on it.
-Work harder.
She's a cop. She knows
which tolls to avoid,
red light cameras
not to go through.
You don't want to report
the car as stolen...
No, I don't want all of SFPD
looking for it.
Just our people.
How did things go with Brady?
I didn't tell him about Annou
or Everett.
I don't need to be taking him
problems right now.
You know how to handle him.
Let me be clear.
(SMACKS LIPS)
This is not just me anymore.
If we don't get this
under control,
it's all our heads.
(BEEPS)
Hi.
And you are?
Detective Clea Annou.
If you're here
on the Rassini fraud case,
I'll tell you
what I tell every detective
who tries to talk to me
outside of court.
I don't speak without a court
reporter present. So...
Actually, I'm here
about Regan Faulkner.
What happened
to Regan was, uh...
Tragic but not a mugging.
(INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER)
Officer Mark Parvey.
I've got eyes
on Detective Annou's vehicle.
Bring her in.
No fuss.
When I met Regan,
she had just finished Harvard.
She was, uh,
clerking with Judge Maples.
Here I was this big litigation
associate at Fordam Young.
Or so I thought.
We were both at the same
watering hole one night,
and, uh, I sent her
and her friend
an expensive round of Scotch
along with my number.
I figured here was
this young ingenue.
She probably didn't know
how to write a brief,
let alone find the courthouse.
Boy, was I wrong.
Did she call you?
(SCOFFS) Oh, yeah, she called.
Three months later
to ask a favor.
(LAUGHS)
I don't mind telling you
that I was, uh...
more than
a little in love with her.
Whatever you guys found out
about Nicholas Brady,
I think it got her killed.
Don't you wanna find out
who did this to her?
What kind of question is that?
Tell me what you found out.
We didn't find anything out.
We speculated.
Speculated what?
Nicholas Brady
had been in Libya.
-So?
-During the revolution,
right before
Gaddafi was killed.
No US official went anywhere
near Tripoli at that time,
unless they were...
CIA.
We didn't tell anyone.
Regan must have
tipped off somebody,
that she knew about Brady.
But even then, so you know
someone's CIA cover,
you don't get killed for that.
Not in the real world,
not these days.
Fuck.
Detective Annou...
I'm responding to an APB
on your vehicle.
I wasn't aware.
It's totally precautionary.
We're talking to anyone
who's worked
with Regan Faulkner recently.
Your Captain asked us
to bring you in.
All right. I'll follow you.
Uh, my orders
are pretty straightforward.
Why don't you
leave your car here,
and I'll make sure
they don't ticket it.
Okay. Let me just
grab my purse.
(SCREAMING)
My eyes!
You fucking bitch!
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(SIGHS)
Hey, Donna.
Jesus! You scared
the crap out of me.
(SIGHS)
Two FBI Agents came by
the house. Middle of dinner.
Sorry about that.
Two hours
they interrogated me.
What did you tell them?
That you're a son of a bitch.
You're not that kind
of a son of a bitch.
I never, for one moment,
thought you did it.
You hear me, Ethan Kelly?
Thanks, Donna.
Listen, I want to talk to you
about Tommy.
What about him?
Look, he owed
a drug dealer money.
And I tried to help him out.
Ethan, is he dead?
Yes.
I tried to get the people
who did it, Donna.
I'm still fucking trying.
All that led to this?
Yeah. It all led to this.
Look, I don't know how
this is gonna end for me.
I don't know if I'm going to
get out of this one.
My bar is worth
four million dollars.
It's under the names
of Alice and April,
and Spud's little boy, Kyle.
Okay?
There's a man by the name
of Ira Kippelman.
-This his number. Take it.
-(SIGHS)
He's a good man.
He has all the details.
If anything happens to me,
I want you to go to him.
And everything's set up,
all right?
Ethan...
Just please,
please promise me.
I promise.
I want to talk to you
about Ray.
No.
Stop.
(DONNA SIGHS)
I...
have an image
of what happened.
How it ended for him.
In my head.
Leave me with that.
Okay.
(DOOR CLOSES)
You got anything for me?
Called the impound yards.
They found Olson's car
in Church Street.
-Any sign of Olson?
-Not yet.
Okay. He shows up,
you will be the first to know.
You check his credit cards?
Haven't been used.
What about his phone?
Nah! The son of a bitch
ditched it.
You'll tell them what
I'm doing for you, right?
Yeah, don't worry.
Your loyalty
won't go unnoticed.
Now get the hell outta here.
-(SIGHS) Fuck!
-(DOOR CLOSES)
Hey, Caesar. It's me.
Listen, I know you worked
late last night.
I didn't want to wake you,
but I borrowed your car.
Deliveries.
Uh, I'll explain later.
(KNOCK ON DOOR)
CLEA: It's me.
-Hey.
So...
Regan thought that
Nicholas Brady was CIA.
That's what she was
coming to tell me,
but she had no proof.
That makes sense.
How?
Well, when I was doing
private security over there,
the CIA had us doing
off-the-book missions
all the time.
I mean,
nobody admitted to it,
but we knew it was true.
Okay, so...
So Theresa Archer
and Daniel Jameson,
they make their bones
by facilitating the use
of private security forces
in Iraq on behalf of the CIA.
Let's just say
the CIA said,
"You know what?
We want to do the same thing.
"We want to do it here
in the states."
Right. Except the CIA
can't operate on US soil.
Uh, that's a small detail
they get around
by using Ombello as a fixer.
That would explain
how Ombello gets to do
whatever the fuck they want
and get away with it.
I mean, no one wants to see
them in court, right?
Mmm-mmm.
Look we know
the accountants were auditing
federal agencies, right?
What if the CIA
was one of them?
What if they found a link
between the CIA and Ombello?
And that's why
they were targeted.
-It's a theory.
-Yeah.
But that's all it is.
The other accountant.
-Was he married?
-Henry Parker?
Yeah. Laura Parker.
Why?
What if Henry had talked
to his wife about his work?
I mean,
maybe she knows something.
Can I get you anything?
-Water?
-No, I'm fine, thanks.
Henry was my best friend.
We were supposed to be
in Cancun.
(SNIFFLES)
It was our 10th.
My sister was all set to watch
Finn, that's our son.
And now
I'm planning a funeral.
(SNIFFLES)
Mrs. Parker...
Laura.
Laura, um...
What happen to your husband,
and the Hoover Building,
it's a horrible tragedy.
At least you're not saying,
"I'm sorry for your loss."
I hate that phrase.
Loss? This isn't loss.
It's death. Why don't
we call it what it is?
I don't know.
I really don't know.
I'm sorry.
I didn't... I didn't...
No, you don't have
to apologize.
Laura, did, did Henry ever
talk to you about work?
No.
I'm not good with figures.
He knows that. (CHUCKLES)
Knew that.
The other detectives
asked the same thing.
What did you tell them?
The same thing
I'm telling you.
We didn't talked about work.
They kept asking.
They weren't kind like you,
they didn't listen,
not really.
(SIGHS)
Do you think it's true
what they are saying?
How do you mean?
Do you think that one guy
blew up the building
all by himself?
Actually, I don't.
I don't think they're
telling us the truth.
That's what Ben said.
Ben...
Olson?
Ben Olson was here?
Laura, I wanna find out
who killed your husband.
If they're not telling us
how it really went down,
I wanna know.
Don't you?
(SIGHS)
I found him hiding out
in Finn's tree house
yesterday.
He was acting all crazy
saying they were after him.
Like, sounded like one of
those conspiracy nuts,
you know?
At least, I thought
he was crazy.
Now I'm not so sure.
What... What did he want?
Money.
To get out of here.
Okay.
This is really important.
If he knows who
killed your husband,
I need to find him.
Do you have any idea
where he could have gone?
He and Sam had a...
had a vacation rental.
A home they shared
with another couple.
Do you know where that is?
Yeah, sure.
We went there all the time.
It's near Dillon Beach.
Ben Olson's alive.
I thought you said
they already got to him.
I thought they did.
(ENGINE STARTING)
(DIALING)
Yeah. Hi, uh,
I'm calling about, uh,
one of your vacation rentals.
Uh, yeah, Cabin 19.
Yeah, um, Ben Olson,
he owns that place, right?
(CHUCKLES) Yeah,
he's a friend of mine. Yeah.
Oh, it's available now?
Okay, thanks.
(CAR APPROACHING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(GASPS)
Mr. Olson.
My name is Clea Annou.
I'm an SFPD detective.
I know what happened to you.
I'm not here to hurt you,
I just wanna help.
CLEA: Mr. Olson.
Mr. Olson, please
let me help you.
(PANTING)
(GASPS)
Hello, Ben.
-(GUNSHOT)
-(GROANS)
Jesus.
-What the...
-Whoa, whoa, Ben.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
I know who you are.
-You blew up the building.
-It wasn't me.
You people killed my family.
Ben, take it easy.
Put the gun down, Ben.
I'm not here to hurt you.
I just saved your life.
All right, look,
I'm going to put it away.
Okay?
Clea?
Ben, listen to him.
We know that
you were the target.
I know what happened
to your family.
I know the man
who killed them.
He's the same man who came
after me. He's dead.
Look, I'm gonna go
into my pocket right now.
I'm gonna get my phone.
The proof is on my phone.
Just look at it.
Look at the proof. Right here.
Ben?
Look.
He's dead.
All right?
We're on your side.
We believe you.
It's okay.
Just put it down, Ben.
There you go.
(BEN SIGHS)
(SIGHS)
What do you mean we lost her?
Detective Annou got the jump
on our man.
(SIGHS)
We're going about this
the wrong way.
Find out who
Detective Annou's partner is.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(BETHANY GRUNTING)
Where's Detective Annou?
Don't tell me you don't know.
Fuck you.
You know,
your sister Bridgett,
the way she handles herself
on that bike of hers,
really gets me hot.
Maybe Bridgett
gets up tomorrow,
goes for her morning ride
down along the 101.
Maybe everything's okay,
or maybe, right around
the point where she hits 110,
the clutch
on her Yamaha freezes
-and the engine dies, huh?
-(GASPING)
Maybe it happens tomorrow,
or the next day,
or a week from now.
Your parents have
already lost one child.
-What's another? Right? Right?
-(GROANS)
What do you want?
The next time
you speak with Annou,
-you're going to tell me.
-(GASPING)
You got it?
(YELLS) You got it?
Yeah. Yeah.
Mmm.
(GASPING)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(SOBBING)
Were you looking
into the CIA, Ben?
No.
There goes that theory.
We weren't looking
into the CIA per se.
We were looking at companies
overbilling the CIA
to the tune
of billions of dollars.
Was Ombello
one of those companies?
No.
Shit.
I recognize this guy.
Who?
This guy right here.
He's head of security
at Victus Exports.
They make, uh, uniforms.
They're one of the companies
overbilling the CIA.
You remember
all the other companies?
Every single one of them.
But I no longer have
a paper trail on any of that
because it all went up
in the building.
What about back-ups?
(SCOFFS) No.
We'd just started digitizing
the whole project,
but we didn't have
the manpower.
We had budget cuts,
so we got behind.
But in any case,
we hadn't found anything.
We were just looking
into an overbilling case.
Hold on.
What about tax returns?
Those are online, right?
Yeah.
Anything there might help us?
Oh, I don't know.
I mean, maybe,
but we can't
get at any of that.
We need someone with access
to federal records.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(SNIFFLING)
(KNOCKING)
SLEADER: Come.
(INAUDIBLE)
-I can't stay.
-Did you get it?
I could only get
seven of the 11 companies.
It's a start.
-Keep me posted.
-Okay.
(PHONE RINGING)
(PHONE BEEPS)
Doyle, what's up?
Did you ever take
any work home with you?
Sometimes, yeah.
Is there anything
that could help us?
It's possible.
Possible.
(PHONE BEEPS)
Hey, Ira, it's me.
Listen, I need a favor.
I need to borrow a car.
I just got off the phone
with Detective Annou.
I'm meeting her tonight.
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
You okay?
Yeah.
They were right there,
on the floor.
Listen, I'm sorry, Ben.
But we don't have a lot
of time. Now, please.
-Yeah, I know.
-Let's go. Come on.
You're right. You're right.
This is where I keep my files.
They're gone.
They took them.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Ben, you buy this lamp?
No, Sam did. Why?
It's a Nanny cam.
I wasn't cheating on her.
I swear...
-Sam...
-Ben, Ben, come on. Let's go.
Let's go, come on.
(PANTING)
Ah... I can't do it, man.
I ca... I can't do this.
-I can't do this. (EXCLAIMS)
-Hey, Ben. Ben, relax.
Listen to me,
just breathe, okay?
-Everything's fine.
-I can't do it!
(PANTING)
(INHALES DEEPLY)
Shit.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(DIALING)
WOMAN:
911. What is your emergency?
All right.
Listen up, everyone.
Ethan Kelly was just spotted
leaving a house
in Bernal Heights.
He's heading South on Folsom.
Jack, Tom, come with me.
Shit.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(HELICOPTER WHIRRING)
Remember,
I want him resisting arrest.
MAN: (ON RADIO) Everyone has
their orders, ma'am.
MAN 2:
We have eyes on Kelly.
Repeat. We have eyes on Kelly.
Moving South on Vienna Street.
We have sight of him.
(POLICE SIRENS BLARING)
MAN: His car is coming
around the corner.
-We got him! We got him!
-(TIRES SCREECHING)
OFFICER: Out of the car!
Get out of that car!
Hands where we can see them!
(POLICE CARS APPROACHING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
OFFICER: Get out of the car,
or we'll open fire!
Get out of that car!
Down! Down! Down!
What the fuck is going on?
What is going on?
Do you have Kelly?
Do you have Kelly in custody?
(HELICOPTER WHIRRING)
OFFICER:
That's a negative, ma'am.
A couple of gangbangers
just got out of the car.
What about Kelly?
OFFICER:
No sign of Kelly, ma'am.
Fuck.
Fuck!
Fuck, I'm surrounded by
fucking idiots!
(SIGHS)
(KNOCK ON DOOR)
ETHAN: It's me.
You got them?
Yeah, for some of
the companies but not all.
Where have you been?
-We went back to his house.
-Why?
We thought he might have
had some files, but, uh,
they've been taken, Clea.
His wife installed
a Nanny cam.
See what we got.
Is there anything on it?
Nah. No.
It's nothing.
All right, then.
-Let's get to work. (EXHALES)
-Yeah.
BRADY: I thought you had him.
Kelly gave us the slip.
(SIGHS)
And tell me
I'm hearing this right?
The accountant was seen
with him outside the house?
And you assured me the
accountant was taken care of.
I was told that he was.
One of our operatives
lied to us.
(SIGHS)
I wanted to wait
on the building.
You pushed it up.
Are you saying
this is my fault?
I'm saying
when things are rushed,
mistakes get made.
We've been through worse
in the past
and we've come
through it together.
When?
When actually have we
"been through worse"?
The Badawi affair in Fallujah.
There was
a fucking war going on, Terry.
Need I remind you
we're not actually
in a war zone right now?
We can't get away
with the same kind of shit.
More's the pity.
Kelly got lucky today.
We only have to be lucky once.
He has to be lucky always.
We say the accountant
was in on it with Kelly.
We paint him as a disgruntled
federal employee.
This was a workplace shooting,
only on a more
spectacular scale.
Give the people
what they want.
First he killed his wife
and daughter.
We'll put their bodies in
the trunk of his car.
Then he blew
the building with Kelly.
The accountant and Kelly
will get picked up together.
(CHUCKLES) Let him spout
his conspiracy theories,
no one in their right mind
will believe him.
He's just another truther.
And we get him in lock-up.
He never makes it to trial.
(INHALES)
You're twisted, Theresa.
You're just pissed that
you didn't think of it first.
(SCOFFS)
(SIGHS)
McMillan Combat Incorporated.
The CIA paid them $6,600,000.
McMillan sells military boots
to the agency.
Only 40% of that order
was ever even delivered.
Hah. Our tax dollars at work.
(EXHALES)
Man, I long for the day
when the schools
have all the money they need
and the Air Force has to hold
a bake sale for a bomber.
(EXHALES)
You got a line item
for a payment made
from McMillan to Ombello,
for $3,960,000
for consultancy services.
Yeah, we knew about that,
but we weren't looking
at Ombello.
I mean,
there's nothing unusual
about companies hiring
management consultants.
It happens every day
all across America.
Which makes for a perfect way
to hide payments.
Add this up, would you,
please, Ben?
600,000.
-700,000.
-Here's another one.
980,000.
400,000.
280,000.
And then I believe we got
an even $1,000,000.
$3,960,000.
Okay.
How much did the CIA
pay McMillan
in the fiscal year, Ben?
6,600,000.
So McMillan
delivered 40% of the order,
and then 60%
of the fee they receive,
which is $3,960,000,
goes directly
into Ombello's pocket.
So if the CIA
wants to pay Ombello
for services rendered...
This would be a smart way
to hide it under the radar.
Let's say that this pattern
plays out with
the other companies...
-ETHAN: Mmm-mmm.
-We have a shot at proving
that the CIA was passing money
indirectly to Ombello,
but we can't prove
that they knew Ombello was
engaged in criminal activity.
Yeah. Not yet, maybe.
Not yet.
Drop your weapon.
(POLICE SIRENS BLARING
IN DISTANCE)
Nice work, Detective.
(HANDCUFFS CLICK)
(CAMERA CLICKING)
All right, we're all set.
You ready?
(SIGHS) As I'll ever be.
Here.
Thanks.
(PHONE DIALING)
It's on speaker.
(SIGHS)
WOMAN: (ON PHONE)
Public Affairs Office.
How may I direct your call?
Uh, I'd like to speak to
Agent Nicholas Brady, please.
I'm sorry, there's no one
by that name who works here.
Uh, I know
you record these calls,
and it's in your interest
to listen to what
I am about to say.
My name is Benjamin Olson.
I worked for the office
for budget management
in the Hoover Federal Building
in San Francisco
which was bombed last Tuesday.
I know all about you,
Mr. Brady.
I know why you tried
to have me killed.
I know
you have been paying Ombello
to carry out work on behalf of
the CIA on US soil.
(CLICKS)
Do we have a trace?
We do.
(EXHALES) It's a play.
But I'll go along with it
for now.
You want me to call Theresa?
No.
She's done.
Send in a team.
Keep it small.
(GUN COCKS)
(BEEPS)
MAN: Are you seeing this, sir?
Jesus!
They've got everything.
Play it.
Oh, my God.
(BEEPING)
Answer it.
All we needed was proof
of your complicity
in this shit storm.
We call Nicholas Brady
and you showed up.
Now we have it.
(SIGHS)
What do we do now?
We wait for their reaction.
Shut it down.
Everything.
Get rid of all this shit.
Clean house.
(STARTS ENGINE)
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
-It's occupied.
-(MUFFLED GUNSHOT)
(GASPS)
(GROANS)
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
You asked for a coffee?
Extra hot?
Yeah.
Thanks.
Emily, I can't get
ahold of Jones.
Can you get him
for me, please?
Thank you.
(PHONE BEEPS)
(SIGHS)
All right, wait here.
(CLINKING, UNLOCKS)
-Going somewhere?
-(SIGHS)
Now move.
(PHONE RINGING)
Yeah?
Come on in. I've got her.
Let's go.
Sit down.
(THERESA SIGHS)
(SIGHS)
You threw everything
at me, Theresa.
You tried to ruin my name.
You tortured me.
You tried to kill me.
But guess what?
I'm still here.
I'm still fucking here.
Theresa, they're
cleaning house.
The way I see it,
you got a couple of options.
You can turn state's evidence,
help us with the case,
and we'll put you
in protective custody.
Or you know what?
Maybe we'll just
let them finish the job.
Hmm?
I appreciate the offer,
but I think
I'll take my chances.
-(GUNFIRE)
-(THERESA GASPING)
(KEYPAD BEEPING)
Clea! Cover me!
(GROANS)
Move, move, move!
Fuck!
Oh... (GROANS)
Let's go. Get started.
Go, go, go.
How long do you think we have
before they figure out
a way in?
(SIGHS)
How do you like
your chances now?
(BEEPING)
You figure out a way
to get me out of here,
I'll tell you what
you want to know.
I can do that.
(CHUCKLES) How?
All in good time.
Ben, give me your phone.
First, you're going to tell me
everything you know
about the CIA,
Ombello, all of it.
Start talking.
Now?
-Right fucking now.
-(CHUCKLES)
You ever heard of
Yuba, California?
No.
Want to know why you've never
heard of Yuba, California?
Because of me and my people.
Your people who you have
kill for you?
(SIGHS) Now see, you say that
like it's a bad thing,
but it depends on who
you kill, don't you think?
15 years back,
Nicholas Brady contacted me
through an operative
that we knew in Basra.
Had a problem.
-What kind of problem?
-There was a cell
in Yuba, California.
FBI couldn't prove it.
They had no probable cause
to arrest anyone.
Shit, they couldn't even
get a warrant
to search their houses.
-So you killed them.
-I'm a fixer.
A middle man. Woman.
That's how it started.
Sometimes we're successful.
Other times not.
But I'll tell you this,
it's a shame
that no one called my number
before Orlando
or San Bernardino.
So that makes you, what,
a fucking hero?
I don't think
about the killing.
I think about
the lives I save.
Ethan knows all about that,
right, Ethan?
If it's a threat, kill it.
It was different over there.
Yes, but they brought
over there over here.
Our government just
doesn't have the balls
to tell the soccer moms
and dental hygienists.
I'm sorry,
it's illegal over here
but heroic over there?
That doesn't make sense to me.
Well, maybe the money has
something to do with that?
Why shouldn't I get paid, huh?
This is America.
A good day's work
deserves compensation.
You're trafficking girls,
you're distributing drugs,
how does that fit in?
It didn't at first.
But then I realized we had
a small army on speed dial.
And I thought that
could be monetized,
and it turns out I was right.
So we started
offering our services
to people who could afford it.
People who wanted
to protect shipments,
distributions routes.
So the authorities
knew about this?
Oh, my God, you're so naive.
The "authorities"
encourage it.
Whatever they tell the public,
they know they're never gonna
"win the war on drugs",
or stop trafficking,
so why not take a cut
of the inevitable?
Through us, they do.
But money doesn't just flow
from them to us, you see.
It flows from us
to them, too.
And they make a lot of money.
And that money goes
to schools and hospitals
and hell, probably even
your paycheck, Detective.
So how do you
feel about it now?
Everything else
in this country is taxed,
why should organized crime
be exempt?
Theresa Archer.
I'm protected
at the highest level.
You're going to get nothing
out of me, so you can ask
all the damn questions
you want.
(PHONE RINGING)
-CLEA: Hi.
-Clea?
I'm taking this to Sleader.
No, please don't.
You have to trust me
on this, Clea.
He's on our side
of the line, I promise you.
All right, do it.
I've got Clea on the phone.
You want to tell me
what the hell's going on?
I've apprehended Ethan Kelly.
I'm under fire.
Requesting immediate backup.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(DEVICE BEEPING)
(POLICE SIRENS BLARING)
What do you want to do?
What do we do?
(OFFICERS ISSUING ORDERS)
(INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER)
(GROANS)
Get down!
(INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER)
OFFICER: EMS, right away!
OFFICER 2: It must be tight!
EMS on the way.
OFFICER: Hold your fire.
(PHONE RINGS)
Hi. I'm gonna
bring him out.
Is it just us on the line?
Just you and me. No one else.
Okay. I need you
to come in the house.
I need you
to bring four vests.
I have a woman with me
by the name of Theresa Archer.
I need to deliver her to you
and only you.
You must put her
into safe custody.
Only use people that you
can trust. Is that clear?
Clear.
As soon as you see her,
take her out.
If you get a clean shot
of Kelly, take it.
But Theresa Archer
is the prime target.
All right, we're coming out!
-Kelly is surrendering!
-OFFICER: Hold your fire!
He is not resisting.
Hold your fire!
He is not resisting!
I can't get a clean shot.
Shoot the detective
if you have to.
Take a head shot.
Take the fucking shot now!
Shit. Clea, one o'clock!
Cease fire!
NEWSREADER:
SFPD Captain Frank Sleader
was buried earlier today
with full honors
at Holy Cross cemetery.
Sleader lost his life
during the operation
to arrest Ethan Kelly
last month.
NEWSREADER 2: The funeral
also took place this week
of SFPD First Grade Detective
Bethany Doyle.
Doyle also lost her life in
the operation to arrest Kelly.
NEWSREADER:
Meanwhile, SFPD Major Crimes,
in an operation led
by Detective Clea Annou,
rescued Phan Hu, a young
victim of human trafficking.
NEWSREADER 3:
In other developments,
former government official
Nicholas Brady
has been arrested on charges
of racketeering and is being
held without bail.
Federal authorities issued
a statement yesterday
blaming the corruption scandal
on a small group
of rogue agents
within the FBI.
NEWSREADER: Meanwhile,
preliminary hearings
have started in the Ombello
corruption case,
with former CEO Theresa Archer
appearing in court
under heavy guard.
She is said to be cooperating
with authorities.
NEWSREADER 3: And finally,
former Army Ranger Ethan Kelly
was exonerated today
of all charges relating
to the bombing of
the Hoover Federal Building
earlier this year.
Mr. Kelly, how do you feel
about being exonerated?
Will you be suing
the authorities
-for wrongful arrest?
-What do you plan to do now?
Well, um, right now I could
use a good leaving alone.
Excuse me.
REPORTER: Ethan,
how does it feel to be free?
REPORTER 2:
Mr. Kelly! Mr. Kelly! Any word
on the judge's statement?
REPORTER 3:
Mr. Kelly, right here!
REPORTER 4:
Over here, Mr. Kelly.
REPORTER: And earlier today,
Mr. Kelly emerges...
Mommy, look,
Uncle Ethan's on TV!
REPORTER: The trial had lasted
just under 90 minutes
after the defense issued
a motion to dismiss the case.
REPORTER 2: The judge retired
to consider the motion
and returned to the court
just over an hour later,
both to agree to the dismissal
and to formally exonerate
Mr. Kelly of all charges.
Sweetheart, get over here.
Mr. Kelly, how do you feel
about being exonerated?
Will you be suing
the authorities
-for wrongful arrest?
-What do you plan to do now?
Well, um, right now I could
use a good leaving alone.
Excuse me.
I told you he was a good kid.
Are you going to go see him?
(CHUCKLES)
You should go see him.
I'm busy, Pops.
(KNOCKING)
Yeah?
Is that the list?
All the potential
candidates, sir.
Okay.
Now Ombello is out of
commission, we need to decide
who's going to run
West Coast Operations.
What do you want to do
about Ethan Kelly?
(SIGHS)